What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	A hidden directory by the name of '.git' is formed which contains metadata
	which is generated by git for the files in repository. It is done to notify
	git that it is a repository which is supposed to be tracked.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is an intermediate area if you want to move data from the working
	directory to the repository. You first add data to the staging area and then you
	commit the changes, so only the data in the staging area gets commited. Staging
	area gives you more control by selecting what all data you are going to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	You can compare files in the staging area and the last commit by using 'git diff
	--staged'. Staging area also allows us to add selected files per commit which have
	been modified instead of adding all files in every commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?

	By using multiple branches I can work on different versions of the software simulataneously
	whithout worrying about the changes that I am making. I can later merge them or discard
	that particular if things don't work out well.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	By drawing a diagram we can find out parents of all the commits and then find out whether a
	commit is reachable by current commit or not. We can also see all the branches clearly and
	know if changes on this branch will affect other commits or not.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the
way we do?

	By merging 2 branches we are able to combine different features and bug fixes into one working
	software. A merged commit will have 2 parents i.e. the 2 parent branches. The label of the
	branch that got merged into master will be deleted but all the commits will be saved in the
	history.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Git merging can be really helpful to automate the process when there have been lots of small
	changes in a big chunk of code. It also prompts conflicts wherever changes are not obvious to
	merge. It might be annoying sometimes to solve some 'obvious' conflicts but it is a better approach
	than git guessing which one to keep and which to eliminate.